the Pena project is a vibrant fun
beautiful loving community of people
where have time' culture education
center but also a working farm so what
we really do here is we try our best to
inspire people empower them to make a
change in their life so that they can go
away from the project cool and buzzing
with ideas and energy and they can
spread this all around the world a PDC
get the full spectrum of many different
subject message from how to build your
house out of mud to how to naturally
deal with your grain water how to grow
beautiful organic food and everything
that we teach so that our students can
leave our course fully self-sufficient
so that they can go on to create
sustainable futures for themselves and
for their future generations to learn
about Evans Agriculture's summer culture
in the city how we design in tiny spaces
we learn about appropriate technologies
solar energy water wind and look after a
beautiful forest how to build a compost
toilet
with biofertilizers and natural
pesticide during the PDC course all of
our students will take part in a final
design project so they'll take a real
piece of land and they'll use all the
knowledge that they've learned during
the PVC to make a design but the really
interesting thing is now all of our
students are going back and starting to
implement these designs so that what's
happening in paper is now happening in
reality
so all these permaculture projects are
starting to pop up all over the world
the people that we attract for the BBC
from all walks of life and I think
that's the most important thing no
matter how old they are no matter where
they come from they all have a real
desire to make a change
and by coming here they get the
knowledge where they can go out and do
that
the mayor permaculture really
encompasses is a change for our future
generations
instead of going out and trying to heal
the world first of all we have to start
with healing ourselves first we have to
become very conscious to what's
happening around us and if I make a
positive change
I should spread that on to the people
and I'm surrounded by because we'll give
you everything that you need to know
just need to cover the beginner's mind
and openness to learn and a willingness
to change